# short description (or, a summery)
This is the OpenHex project, it is for LFS systems, but the programs (hextools or hexcores) will be able to be used anywhere, and I honestly encourage you to. Also, I'm not at all related/affiliated with any other repo/project/OS named HexOS or OpenHex. Uhh another thing, please read the README.

# Information
As of now, the project is still in development, but I made this repo so you can see and follow my progress, or add suggestions and possibly help me. You can check in on the PROTOTYPE branch to see any prototypes of hextools or hexcores. Pretend its there, please! Also, the full repo is **NOT** to be installed! The reason being: You probably don't like a ton of hexcores and hextools in your system, right? Anyway, point is do **NOT** download the full folder! Download the one you WANT. The file is just there for organization... When its there. If you consider yourself a person who'd like FULL control over their system, and a person that can: Troubleshoot errors in Linux, Operate tar correctly, Knows and can use the bash bare minimals (cd, cp, mv, rm, rm with rf and ls), this is much for you. You don't need to know these things, but they help a ton. Big thanks to GNU, also. The system right now is 32-bit, so modern features may not be avalible until development is complete. IMPORTANT (probably...): This is licensed under the GPLV3 license, plus it's on github (right now atleast) so your completley free to fork, read, study and overall use the code on the GPLv3's terms. The original author is stated in it too, so if you want to do anything with legal stuff, you should probably read the GPLv3 license it has first. It will probably be dual-licensed in the future.  

# Updates on the project (you might want to check in here daily, or whenever you like.)
So I am mainly building LFS as of now, and it's going on a VM because I only have and use 1 PC. Progress has been smooth, so far. I got past compiling GCC and the kernel headers, but my system kernel panicked mid-compilation (I was compiling glibc) and now I have to restart from my last snapshot. Wish me luck with this. 
# -- DEV LOG 1--
I have been doing loads of more general CS studying, and I have found out about the GFOSS (Greek Free and Open Source Software) and I find it pretty cool, esspecially because I am greek myself. As for LFS and general OpenHex building, it's been going pretty smooth, although I am still waiting on OpenHex sys/hextool building because I'm not done with LFS, but I am getting closer to finally getting past the cycle of extract, configure and compile. 
# --DEV LOG 2--
Damn. I accidentally deleted the VM I was working on, and now I have to restart. Thats all there really is to this dev log and from now on these logs will have the date that they were made. 28/06/2025
